<h1 align="center">
  Alassane WADE Electrocardiogram
</h1> 

<h2 align="center">
"⢸⣿⣷⣤⣤⣤⣬⣙⣛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⡍⠄⠄⢀⣤⣄⠉⠋ "
</h2> 

&emsp;The heart rate monitor is a device that allows measuring the heart rate, i.e., 
the number of heartbeats per minute. It is used for medical as well as sports purposes, 
to develop personalized training programs. The first heart rate monitor was invented in 1977 
by a Finnish Professor, Seppo Säynäjäkangas, who later founded Polar Electro. 
Two types of sensors are used to measure heart rate:

- ECG sensors (electrocardiography), mainly used in the medical field, measure the bio-potential generated by the electrical signals that control the expansion and contraction of the heart chambers.
- PPG sensors (photoplethysmography), primarily used in the sports field, measure the blood volume controlled by the pumping action of the heart.

&emsp;The aim of this initial project is to acquire technical skills by designing, manufacturing, 
and testing a heart rate monitor while learning to work in a group by applying a project methodology in a V-cycle.

## Functional requirements
- The system must measure the heart rate.
- The user must be visually alerted to their heart rate and also receive an auditory signal.
- At all times, the user should be informed whether their heart rate is low, normal, or high.
- Measurements must be associated with a date and time, and a menu should allow accessing the data even after a battery shutdown.

## Secondary Functions
- The primary function (PF) is to inform the user about its cardiac frequency.
- It is divided into six secondary functions (SF):
• SF1: Capture heart rate
• SF2: Counting time
• SF3: Display the patient’s health status
• SF4: Beeper the heartbeat
• SF5: Show time, heart rate and PPG
• SF6: Record and view patient data

## Area for improvement
&emsp;Here, you can find the features I am currently working on in this repository.
This allows you to be aware of the changes that are to come and see what needs to be improve. 